okay look what we got here we got here
the resource action figure
this can versus in these three fighter
for Ken from Mecca this kind of you know
it's kind of chunky guy and this about
this field like ten years ago which is
pretty cool so I'm going to open this
one I think this one it so it's going to
be my choice today to open them up this
is Ryu make a series we got three from
resource ten years ago two is pretty
cool and still one package so what I'm
going to put on my desk gonna be one of
this guys
I'll see hold this for me
look at this this is this is awesome I
like it
it's pretty cool I want to open this
because I like this one better
but you know this just like the old
stuff I don't want I want to open a
market damn big deal
I like this one better you can feel the
smell new a scrape